Logging has been unnecessarily complex for Java and not just Spring.
We have Commons logging, Log4j, SLF4J, JBoss logging,
and of course Java util logging just to name the big players in that space.
Spring hasn't solved this problem either,
but now changed how they work with other APIs.
Up until this point,
Spring would integrate with other third party APIs that had their dependency
and would thus force you to use their logging approach.
I personally have had applications that had both commons logging configuration,
as well as Log4j configurations in there to just get the logs to work correctly.
As of Spring 5,
they have removed this tight coupling by including their own Spring JCL jar,
which does this logging bridge for you.
What this logging bridge is meant to be used for is
just the frameworks logging purposes,
both in the core framework and in its extensions.
For your applications,
they still prefer you to use a direct use of Log4j or SLF4J. Let's go ahead and look at a logging example now.